[docs] Enforce component style rules for Tree View (#14963)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/tree-view/rich-tree-view/customization/customization.md

### Custom toggle animations

> Use the `groupTransition` slot on the Tree Item to pass a component that handles your animation.

Author: ```suggestion
Use the `groupTransition` slot on the `<TreeItem />` to pass a component that handles your animation.
```

### File explorer

:::warning

> This example is built using the new Tree Item 2 component

Author: ```suggestion
This example is built using the new `<TreeItem2 />` component
```
